hi I'm Natalie with eminence organic
skincare it's that time again for
mixology Monday Wow
guess what back to school it happened so
quick it flies by every year and we're
right back to where we started back in
September so today I wanted to give you
a little bit of direction on how you can
do a little bit of a deep cleansing
treatment so by using a two-in-one
exfoliation in your cleanser and then as
all of you may know I think our line
stimulating mask makes everything just a
little bit better so we're going to add
a little bit of zip into this one so
we're going to use our blueberry soy
exfoliating cleanser this is using an
about natural enzymes which are gonna
help break down and soften all of the
dryness on the top of your skin so you
need to end up with a really smooth and
refreshed finish and then the
blueberries are gonna add those
antioxidants that we love so much for
extra protection when I start to add in
the line stimulating mask I'm going to
start to bring up the blood circulation
so this is gonna reintroduce some fresh
oxygen and bring life back into the skin
which is perfect timing for this time of
the year we tend to be running a little
on a little bit more our days are a
little bit longer we're trying to get
everybody reorganized so for my moms out
there that have those kids going into
school right now this is gonna be such a
great little treatment that you can do
just to spice things up and to bring
that brightness back into your skin
easiest thing to do always take the
cleanser first so the cleanser going to
suggest for this one a pump and a half
and then when I go into using my lamp
stimulating mask depending on how spicy
you like it you can either match it one
on one or you can do one part less so
that would be two parts cleanser and
then the one part limes stimulating and
this will just give you just the edge
that you're looking for which is what
I'm gonna share with you today once you
have them they're as always blend those
two puppies together
not literally puppies and mix them
together so what's happened here is
you've created a mask so this is how
you're going to use it a little bit of
water blend the two together and I want
you to apply it and leave it on as a
mask so you get that blood flow in that
generation of heat and you're going to
remove it as normal and then you can
your traditional care of a serum and a
daytime moisturizer hope you really
enjoy this mix hope everything goes well
this season all your kids pass
take care Natalie with them in its
organic skin care for mixology Monday